hey guys the Potamus here today I'm
gonna be showing you a how-to video on
how to send me replays and this video
was suggested by crazy for commentaries
as a tip just to do it
intro video on how to send me replace
because a lot of people that watch my
videos are either really new to the game
or they just like to watch my videos but
nonetheless either way I am going to
show you how to download and record your
League of Legends content and send it to
me via my email hippopotamus 438
yahoo.com what you're gonna want to do
first is you will gun and want to get
the program called lull replay and the
website is as listed League replays comm
slash download slash and you don't want
to always download the latest replay and
I'm going to click all the install
instructions and then once you're done
with that you're gonna have a little
shortcut on your desktop and it's going
to be Timo with a camera called wall
recorder and when you double click that
they should open up and the low replay
system works that if you have will
replay open at any time during a league
of legends match as long as you started
from the loading screen it should record
any of your matches as you can see here
I have it from September all the way up
through October here and basically what
you do is you just could look for any of
your replays click on them hit play
you'll start from the loading screen
sadly you can't fast-forward through the
loading screens you have to wait but now
that you have the file the directory of
those files should be if you go to
documents should be under your well
replay file as default that's what I
have it as and then if you want to
replays they should all be listed here
the only thing you can't see is the hero
you were playing or the game like which
game I keep this game I was playing
let's see I was playing Olof and then
this game I was playing buddhir so it's
it might be hard to tell just by looking
at the numbers because it's just date
and times so what you can do is you can
rename
just say hippo and then it should be
available there we go now it's at the
top because it's hippo and it allows you
to easily find the game and then what
you'll want to do from here is to send
this clip you want to go to your email I
use Yahoo but pretty much works the same
for all of them and basically you're
gonna type in the email hippopotamus for
thirty eight.com and you're gonna click
attach files and since I already have
the documents open it'll go directly
here but as I said before it's just
libraries documents or replay then you
can attach whatever you want you can
attach multiple replays if you want me
to see him or if you just want a clip
shown like you got a really good kill or
really good escape or something like
that just tell me the time
during the video and then I'll just skim
through all fast and I'll find it pretty
quickly but yeah now you're just going
to click Okay open attach file wait for
it to upload for a few seconds sometimes
it might take a minute or so and then
when you're done you would click send so
yeah that's just a quick little how-to
on how to send me replays for you guys
and I'm really looking forward to some
awesome gameplay and really really good
clips and if you want you can also use
fraps if you just record like I do with
fraps and you can just take it right out
of the fraps folder and just send me
that like it is that works too we'll
replay our little recording replays are
generally easier because they take up a
lot less space and it's easy for me to
skim through in a replay system but yeah
I hope this was informational infer
informative for those who did not know
how to use or obtain the lawl replay
system and I hope you guys have a
wonderful day hippopotamus signing off